[Music]
with most of us using our analytical
skills to solve problems creative
thinking isn't as common as you might
think so which one are you
an outside-of-the-box thinker or an
analytical genius solve these riddles
and find out just don't forget to hit
the subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us here on the
bright side riddle number one here are
three matches can you make a six out of
them without breaking them into pieces
you have 10 seconds to do it
who said the number has to be a standard
six the matches made a perfect Roman
numeral three right from the get-go so
all you have to do is bring the bottoms
of the first two matches towards each
other and you've got a Roman numeral six
if you crack that at one point two your
creative thinking skills riddle number
two someone spent three whole days in
the hospital yet they were absolutely
healthy however they still had to be
carried out of the hospital why figure
it out in ten seconds
[Music]
it's a way similar than you think this
person was a newborn baby oh if you
didn't get it right don't worry there
are plenty of more riddles to go riddle
number three check out this row of
numbers can you figure out what number
should replace the question mark here
time is digging
[Music]
if your answer is number four and great
job your creative thinking is definitely
fine-tuned and if you didn't get it take
a closer look at the numbers once again
there's a simple pattern here 5 minus 2
is 3 which is sitting right between
those two numbers subtract 1 from 2 and
you get 1 which is in the middle of them
so following this pattern you take 5
away from 9 to get 4
the one and only correct answer riddle
number 4 two men walked up to a river
there was a boat on the shore that had
space for only one passenger still both
men managed to reach the opposite side
how did they do it
[Music]
I didn't say they were on the same Shore
did I so the right answer is simple they
were on two different Shores riddle
number five now let's test how naturally
observant you are find the number 2017
here in ten seconds
[Music]
let's go all the way down to the last
row and you'll spot it toward the
bottom-right corner
ah that's where you were hiding riddle
number 6
one man was 25 years old in 2020 years
old in 2005 how is that possible no this
guy wasn't Benjamin Button he just lived
in BCE times try not to focus too much
on analyzing the situation let your
creative side loose riddle number 7 now
you've got the number 188 can you get to
100 from it using only one line think it
through
[Music]
to get to perfect 100's you just need to
divide 188 in half with one horizontal
line this trick will give you two once
and four zeros which is exactly what
you're looking for
easy-peasy riddle number eight let's
crank up the difficulty for an
additional challenge imagine you're in
the wild and there's a line in front of
you and a Jaguar behind you you have a
tranquilizer with only one arrow you
have 10 seconds to figure your way out
of this tough spot so what's the plan
gonna be i'd tranquilize the line and
drive off in the Jaguar I mean it's a
pretty fast car right high five if that
was your plan to riddle number nine okay
back to number riddles here are 12
numbers all you need to do is replace
five of them with zeros so that the
total of all these numbers will be 1111
as always you'll have 10 seconds to
complete this task but feel free to
pause the video if you need a little
more time this one's a toughy
[Music]
to get a total of 1111 it's better to
leave the first three ones alone for the
row of threes let's replace two of them
with zeros do the same with the row of
seventh now we only have one replacement
left let's do it to the row of knives so
111 plus 3 is 114 114 plus 7 is 121 and
121 plus 990 makes 1111 just a sharp eye
and some simple math needed here folks
riddle number 10
picture this it's mid-january and a guy
dressed in all black is slowly walking
home from the movies there's no light
coming from the surrounding houses and
the sky is covered in thick heavy clouds
out of nowhere a speeding car with its
headlights turned off comes towards him
unable to stop the car in time the
driver hits the man is there any
possible way that this driver could have
seen the black clad pedestrian
[Music]
yep he could have easily spotted the man
since all of this happened in middle of
the day sure the weather wasn't exactly
bright and shiny but I never said that
it was nighttime now did I if you missed
this detail don't sweat it
you can redeem yourself with the next
riddle riddle number 11 here we have
three horizontal equations and a
vertical one on the right your job is to
replace the numbers so that all four
equations have correct answers once
again don't hesitate to pause the video
for some extra time
[Music]
okay so the correct solutions look
nothing like the initial ones the first
row should be nine minus five equals
four the second row should be 6 divided
by 3 is 2 and the third horizontal
equation should be 1 plus 7 equals 8 now
the vertical equation 4 times 2 makes
sense well that was a challenge if I do
say so myself
[Music]
riddle number 12 there's a basket with 6
eggs on the table 6 people come up to
the basket one by one and take one egg
each however there's still one egg left
in the basket how is that even possible
[Music]
it's very possible if the last person
simply took the basket with the last egg
in it instead of taking the egg and
leaving the basket on the table talk
about being practical riddle number 13
check out this gigantic matchstick rig
we've got 30 big and small squares here
can you change it completely into a
figure with no squares just by removing
nine matches you have ten seconds to
work your magic
[Music]
no magic needed here if we can't
technically make squares let's make some
rectangles so pull two matches from the
first vertical row between the first two
and the last two squares to make two
rectangles for the second vertical row
take two more matches from the second
and third squares to make one big
rectangle let's change things up a bit
for the third vertical row and take one
match between the second and third
squares and one matchstick from the very
end to make another big rectangle as for
the last vertical row we can do the same
thing we did for the first one and
remove two matchsticks between the first
two and the last two squares okay now we
have two more squares and only one
matchstick to pull removing this final
matchstick between the second and third
square of the first horizontal row will
complete the task riddle number 14 we're
so used to Friday coming after Thursday
right and that loves to take its sweet
time now doesn't it but it can be the
other way around too so where does
Friday actually come before Thursday
take your time
[Music]
Friday always comes before Thursday in
the dictionary if you have another valid
answer for this one leave it in the
comments below
maybe you're creative thinking just
found a cool new answer for the puzzle
riddle number 15 all right here's one
more number riddle for you this one is
by writer Bernard Werber and his
question is simple which number will
complete this number chain here's a
little hint forget everything you know
about math and use your creative
thinking to the fullest
[Music]
the pattern for this number progression
is pretty simple we have 1 1 as the
first number right so just write down
what that sounds like 1 1 now we have
another 2 ones and again break down how
it sounds
2 1 that's 1 2 & 1 1 which is 1 2 1 1 in
this code moving forward
1 2 1 1 is 1 1 1 2 and 2 ones aka 1 1 1
2 2 1 finally for the last number 3 1 2
2 1 1 the right answer is 1 3 1 1 2 2 s
and 2 1 s or 1 3 1 1 2 2 2 1 riddle
number 16
a young woman quietly walks into a cafe
and asked the barista for a glass of
water
however the barista takes one look at
her and screams at the top of his lungs
oddly enough the woman replies with a
thank you and walks out um what just
happened here you have 10 seconds to
decide
[Music]
this situation isn't as bizarre as it
seems the woman simply had the hiccups
the barista recognized it immediately
and decided to scare the lady so that
her hiccups would go away the sudden
unexpected shriek must have worked
because she thanked him and left no
glass of water necessary riddle number
17 in this scene a man was walking down
the stairs at a hospital after visiting
his wife when all the lights went out
for about five minutes that's when he
realized that his poor wife had just
passed away how did he know this
[Music]
unfortunately the man's wife wasn't just
sick she was on a life-support machine
so when the power outage happened and
the emergency generators failed he knew
that his wife was gone if you came to
the same conclusion then you really do
have a knack for thinking outside the
box and that concludes this riddle
challenge if you managed to get at least
12 of them right then you're a bonafide
creative thinker if you crack less than
12 riddles that means you are more
analytical and logical which of these
riddles was the most difficult for you
to solve let us know down in the
comments be sure to give this video a
like challenge your friends by sharing
it with them and click Subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]